[dev-doc] Move documents from mp-dev-wiki (#5126)
canonical/multipass: dev-docs/release-process.md

```shell
main $ git commit --allow-empty --message 'Begin 1.16.0 development'
main $ git push
main $ git tag v1.16.0-dev
main $ git push --tags
```
4. Publish the RC on GitHub.

## Hotfixes

After creating the RC, if there are hotfixes that need to make their way into a new RC, those hotfixes must first be merged into `main` and then the merge commits must be cherry-picked on top of the release branch. For example:

```shell
main $ git switch --create hotfix
# Do hotfix work.
hotfix $ git commit --message 'implemented hotfix'
hotfix $ git push --set-upstream origin HEAD
# Create a PR and merge into main when done.
main $ git pull
# Identify the merge commit(s) of the PRs that should be added to the release
# For each commit:
main $ git log # copy the hash of the hotfix merge commit
release/1.15 $ git cherry-pick --mainline 1 <hotfix-merge-commit-hash>
release/1.15 $ git push
```
Repeat this process until we are happy with the hotfixes and we want to release a new RC.

## Patch releases

When starting a new patch release, the `stable-docs` branch doesn't need to be independently merged into main. The new patch release will include it and merge into main eventually.

> Patch releases are very similar to hotfixes but differ in tags for RCs.

Reviewer: I know this was the original phrasing, but reading it now I found it quite confusing. There is no hotfix release that is different from a patch release. I believe this is just trying to refer to the section above. How about something like:

```suggestion
Patch releases typically contain only [hotfixes](#hotfixes), obtained by cherry-picking from main as explained above. They differ from [feature releases (minor or major)](#feature-releases-minormajor) in tags for RCs.
```

Author: Good input. Especially the "hotfixes" was totally wrong.

I took you suggestion and added it in a slightly adapted way - including some minor adjustments around that part of the document.

* We keep using the `release/1.15` branch.

> * We keep cherry-picking commits from `main` on top of the appropriate `release/1.15` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We use an existing feature branch (e.g. `release/1.15` if we're preparing 1.15.1), rather than creating a new one.
* We cherry-pick commits from `main` on top of that branch.
```

Author: :+1:

* When we want to release an RC for a patch version, we must tag it as `v1.15.1-rc1`, `v1.15.1-rc2` etc. until we make the actual release of the patch version with the signed tag `v1.15.1`.

## New Release Candidate

Tag the new RC.
```shell
release/1.15 $ git tag v1.15.0-rc2
release/1.15 $ git push --tags
```
After this, publish the new RC again.

## The final release

After we are happy with the state of the latest RC, we can turn them into an actual release.

### Prepare the release

1. Add a signed tag on the same commit as the RC tag that you want to release.
```shell
release/1.15 $ git tag --sign v1.15.0 --message 'Multipass version 1.15.0'
release/1.15 $ git push --tags
```
2. Restart the GHA run that got triggered by the release branch (`release/1.15` in this example), so that it picks up the new tag when deriving the version.

> 3. Get win/mac packages from the run that is triggered by the _release branch_ (not the tag where the version is incorrect ATTOW).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get win/mac packages from the run that is triggered by the _release branch_ (not the tag, which produces an incorrect version ATTOW).
```

    * Send the newly generated packages to IS for signing, likely using a Concordia ticket at https://concordia.canonical.com/tickets
4. Move the final launchpad build into the beta channel, in https://snapcraft.io/multipass/releases
    * First kick the build in launchpad if necessary.

>     * Be sure to select a launchpad build and not a GH one. Launchpad builds should show with an "lp" suffix on that page, e.g. "1.15.0 | lp-91234567". The suffix is not part of the actual version (as confirmed by `snap info` and `multipass version`).

Reviewer: Numbered subitems in the original provided easy identification (e.g. "I can't get past 4.1"). Do you see other advantages in the unnumbered form?

Author: Thanks for pointing to the reason. It was more a visual thing but I changed (and numbered all in "The final release" increasingly)

5. When the signed packages are received from IS, verify their signature:
    * on macos: `pkgutil --check-signature <pkg>`

>     * on Windows: right-click every `.exe`, select "Properties", "Digital Signatures" pane (or use [SignTool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/seccrypto/using-signtool-to-verify-a-file-signature))

Reviewer: Does this mean every `.exe` inside the package? It would need to be extracted first, right? Is it not enough to verify the signature on the `.msi` file itself?

Author: No, both the installer and the executables must be signed. If the installer is not signed, there will be a red warning window showing up when launching the installer. If an executable is not signed, there will be a separate warning window (or Windows Defender removes it).
